Boy, what are you looking at?
Yinzi, there seems to be one more just now
One more
how do i know
You don't know anything
That means nothing more and nothing
Okay, let's go quickly
Then I'm still waiting to see the talent.
Don’t be afraid, they are other sisters in the spirit
I'm afraid you may miss life, so just be curious
What am I curious about?
Daughter, you tell them
I'm just an ordinary jobber
nothing to see
Sister, did you hear that?
Brother, am I actually lying to you for food?
It's not good for Xiaohua to accompany you.
Lao Xiong is still waiting to see the talent.
Small flowers on wood ready
Let’s start with half a pound
Do a good job of observing talents
Come to me for protection
But remember it takes four people
on the way here
Not acting as a leader
Where can I find four people with you?
who are you talking to